Psalm 77 to the chief musician - did you
theme a psalm of Asaph I cried out to
God with my voice to God with my voice
and he gave ear to me
in the day of my trouble I sought the
Lord my hand was stretched out in the
night without ceasing my soul refused to
be comforted
I remembered God and was troubled I
complained and my spirit was overwhelmed
you hold my eyelids open I am so
troubled that I cannot speak I have
considered the days of old the years of
ancient times I call to remembrance my
song in the night I meditate within my
heart and my spirit makes diligent
search will the Lord cast off forever
and will he be favourable no more as his
mercy ceased forever as his promise
failed for evermore has God forgotten to
be gracious as he in anger shut up his
tender mercies and I said
this is my anguish but I will remember
the years of the right hand of the Most
High I will remember the works of the
Lord surely I will remember your wonders
of old I will also meditate on all your
work and talk of your deeds your way O
God is in the sanctuary who is so great
at God as our God you are the God who
does wonders you have declared your
strength among the peoples you have with
your arm redeemed your people the sons
of Jacob and Joseph the water is saw you
O God the waters saw you they were
afraid the depths also trembled the
clouds poured out water the skies sent
out a sound your arrows also flashed
about the voice of your Thunder was in
the world wind the lightnings lit up the
world the earth trembled and shook your
way was in the sea your path in the
Great Waters and your footsteps were not
known
you led your people like a flock by the
hand of Moses and Aaron